welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're going to enjoy some rat rods and
the unyielding horror of mother nature
with the film the giant gila monster
if you've ever wondered whether your
home videos are worthy of a theatrical
release
watch this video for encouragement and
subscribe to the channel let's get to it
we open with a narration about the
various bleak virgin wildernesses still
extent around the world which may allow
for the proliferation of species of
unlimited growth
such as the legendary gila monster these
suspicions are confirmed when these two
young perverts are knocked off a cliff
we then transition to a hep joint where
the hot rodders go to smoke marijuana
cigarettes
and dance until their undercarriages are
ready to burst they briefly discuss
pat liz their missing friends but clam
up when mr harris arrives
because chase is more interested in
trying to purchase his 32 model a
the sheriff arrives at mr wheeler's
residence in response to the report of
his missing son pat
despite his lack of institutional
authority he commands the sheriff to
spare no expense in the search
the sheriff then goes to see if chase
has any info that may be helpful but
they spend most of the time talking shop
and we forget whether this is a movie
about cars or about giant monsters
the sheriff wraps up his investigation
at liz's house the constant suspicion
being that the two young skanks ran off
to elope
but no one knows for sure chase's boss
mr compton comes back that evening and
the boys air their balls out while they
work
then chase puts away the weekly
nitroglycerin delivery very carefully
when a call comes in he picks up a line
patched into the sheriff a technique he
uses to be first on scene for any juicy
towing and wreckage contracts
they find a pontiac in a ditch with skid
marks at a right angle and the interior
drenched in blood but these things
happen and as the wrecker blows past a
lonely serial killer the gila monster
prowls in and smashes his head like a
grape on the way back into town they
come across the briefcase
and as the monster lurks nearby we see
that they're lucky it's already
lethargic
from a belly full of human meat the next
day the sheriff enlists the help of
chase's hotrod gang to help search for
pat
and the youngsters soon find themselves
exploring a ravine in an untouched
wilderness
just outside of town chase and lisa are
nearly eaten but are saved by his pals
alerting them that they've found pat's
car
so they drive over and begin to winch it
out and tow it back to the shop
under the watchful eye of the gila
monster the sheriff meets them to
discuss the evidence they may have seen
at the scene
before destroying it at the same time mr
compton is delivering a shipment of fuel
oil when he's knocked off the road
treating the gila monster to a cooked
meal chase gets a call about this later
then like so much of the run time of
this film he rides out to meet a
character at one place and take them to
another location
they arrive at the burning wreckage
where mr harris relays the account of
another witness who was actually there
and whose information he didn't get the
next day is the boys are planning their
big barn party the gila monster is
slithering around town derailing trains
and
mildly concerning mr harris the report
prompts the sheriff to call over chase
so we can check out his book about
reptiles that he knew he had for some
reason he floats the idea of a giant
gila monster terrorizing the countryside
as per the reports of the train
survivors but encourages chase not to
think on it too hard and go have some
fun
then the sheriff gets stressed down by
mr wheeler who insists on his own
authority the monster hypothesis
is credible and i say it is possible for
a giant lizard to have lived there for
years without being seen
good enough for me and they rush toward
the barn party where chase is busy
opening a rift in time and space
through which his groupies are lining up
to service his every sexual need
unfortunately his legendary set is
interrupted when the monster peeks in
for a closer look
the sheriff rolls up and unloads his
shotgun into it driving it off
he then goes for backup while chase
enacts his own plan
he grabs the nitro from storage
entrusting it to lisa's gentle grip then
he follows the path of destruction
through town
depositing lisa in a field to lay across
a crippled girl who was left for dead
and then he guns it and bails out
ramming his car down the monster's
gullet and then we learn through the
ending exposition that everything works
out for everyone
except the dead bulls
i bet this movie was real popular with
the kids back in the day
in an obvious bid to make a popular
movie based on things other than good
filmmaking they saturated their monster
movie with car talk for the boys and
unnecessary singing breaks for the
ladies
if you enjoyed the video i'd love for
you to become a part of the channel by
subscribing
thanks for watching